We are happy to see that you are looking to help us
improve Flow-IPC!  In order to ensure this goes as
easily and quickly as possible, please follow the
guidelines below:

Reporting an Issue
------------------
Please report issues via GitHub.

Prior to opening a new issue, please check whether the
same or a similar issue has already been opened.

Contributing
------------
If you have code or documentation changes, please
don't hesitate to submit them using GitHub Pull
Requests.

If your change is significant in size or fundamental
in behavior, please make sure that prior to the PR
there has been a public discussion on one of the
project's mailing lists, ideally with some consensus
having been reached.

Before submitting a PR for code changes, please make
sure that it succeeds in running all tests.

If you have minor cosmetic changes, typos, grammatical
improvements, etc., no tests are needed.

Last but not least: Please ensure you read ./README.md:
especially the section "Contributing via Git."

Coding Style
------------
Please ensure that your code changes or additions
match the current coding style used by the project.
This is formalized in the file doc-coding_style.cpp
within the `flow` sub-project of Flow-IPC.

License
-------
By contributing, you agree that your contributions
will be licensed under its Apache License, Version
2.0.  (Some sub-projects may use a difference license.
Please check the given file's license header and/or
the nearest LICENSE file, traveling up the directory
tree.  However this meta-project, and as of this
writing the majority of sub-projects in the
meta-project, indeed use the aforementioned license.)
